Destroy all the way
Hahaha what did you say?
What's there to say?
It must be the Tang family. Did I order it?
Zhang Liantian, didn't you promise just now?
You can ask President Wang
Why did you give the project to my Xiao family?
Instead of the Tang family
How dare he ask President Wang?
Now he wants to find a place to crawl in.
Ye Longyuan, tell me
Weren't you so sure just now?
Didn't you say you are the Lord of God?
How did you become dumb?
Can't pass it on
Who are you to yell at a business summit?
I am Tang Miaoyin
President of Galaxy Mandarin Group
This project is our Tang family
Why give it to the Xiao family?
What happened to the Xiao family?
Here I give it to whoever I say
The secretary brought the contract
The young master can go on stage to get the contract.
No one can take away what I said when applying for this contract.
It was in my hands yesterday
I see what you can do
Singles Day
Who gave you the guts to give the contract to digestion
Where did you get that dog thing?
It's your turn to question what this president does
I've already talked about my project
It should be our superior
Why do you want to give it to the Sao family?
What is an expert?
The Xiao family is the top wealthy family in the imperial capital
The Tang family will not pay for lifting shoes for the Xiao family
Why did you get this project?